There was a time in my life when people asked constantly for stories about what it's like to work in a field dominated by men.
在我的一生中, 一度有人不断问起我, 在男性占主导的领域里工作是何种状况.

What I do find interesting is the origin of the universe, the shape of spacetime and the nature of black holes.
我真正感兴趣的是: 宇宙的起源, 时空的形状及黑洞的本质.

Older people must be given more chances to learn if they are to contribute to society rather than be a financial burden, according to a new study on population published recently.
最近发表的一项有关人口的新研究指出, 如果想要老年人为社会奉献余热, 而不是成为经济负担, 就必须给他们提供更多的学习机会.
# learn if

And there should be more money available to support people in establishing a sense of identity and finding constructive roles for the "third age", the 20 or more years they will spend in healthy retired life.
应该投入更多可利用的钱来帮助人们建立认同感, 兵帮他们在"第三年龄", 即长达20年或更久的健康的退休生活, 找到有建设性的角色.

Amid a secondary school course, a student should be interested enough in a subject to enjoy gaining knowledge for its own sake.
在中学课程当中, 学生应该对学科有足够的兴趣, 并基于兴趣而享受获得知识本身的过程.

The emphasis given to each of these functions varies from university to university, according to the views of the people in control and according to the resources available.
依照负责人的观点以及现有资源， 对这些功能中各个功能的重视程度在不同大学之间个不相同.

Mood may be defined as a temporary and mild positive or negative feeling that is generalized and not tied to any particular circumstance.
情绪可以被定义为一种暂时的, 略微积极或消极的情感, 这种情感是普遍的, 不依赖于任何特殊环境而存在.

Moods should be distinguished from emotions which are usually more intense, related to specific circumstances, and often conscious.
情绪应该与情感区别开来, 情感通常会更为强烈, 它与具体的环境相关, 且常常是自发的.

In addition, advertising can influence consumers' moods which, in turn, are capable of influencing consumers' reactions to products.
此外, 广告能影响消费者的情绪, 而情绪反过来也能影响消费者对产品的反应.

Similarly, consumers operating under a given mood state tend to react to stimuli in a direction consistent with that mood state.
类似地, 在特定情绪状态下的消费者对刺激因素所作出的反应与这种情绪状态是一致的.

"I am curious to know whether you will take kindly to this new solution." Einstein noted with a touch of defensiveness.
"我很想知道, 你们是否能冷静地面对这一新的解决方法." 爱因斯坦写道, 言辞中带着一丝防备.

He's a young, successful executive at an Internet-services company in Tokyo and has plenty of disposable income.
他是东京一家互联网公司年轻有为的主观, 有着许多可支配的收入.

The challenges include the fact that most people can expect to spend a third of their lives in retirement, that there are now more people over 59 than under 16 and that 11.3 million people are over state pension age.
这些挑战包括一个事实, 即大多数人一生中预计有三分之一的时光将在退休状态中度过, 目前59岁以上的人比16岁以下的人要多, 而超过国家养老金额领取的人数有1130万之多.

Suda reflects a worrisome trend in Japan; the automobile is losing its emotional appeal, particularly among the young, who prefer to spend their money on the latest electronic devices.
Suda的情况反映了日本一种令人担忧的趋势; 从情感上讲汽车正在失去它的吸引力, 特别是对年轻人来说, 他们宁愿把钱花在最新的电子产品上.

It is the species-typical behavior that sets human completely apart from all other animals.
正是这种典型的物种行为, 将人类与其他动物完全区别开来.

The key lies in the fact that the units of meaning, words, can be strung together in different ways, according to rules, to communicate different meanings.
关键在于, 意群和单词可以根据规则以不同的方式组合在一起, 从而表达不同的含义.

Specialists in intercultural studies say that it is not easy to adapt to lives in different cultures.
专家们在跨文化研究中提出, 适应不同文化下的生活不是件容易的事.

Since my childhood I have found that noting is more appealing to me than reading.
从童年开始我就发现, 没有什么能像阅读一样吸引着我.

The victim would have had the chance to survive if he had been token to hospital in time.
受害者如果被及时送往医院的话, 本来是有机会活下来的.

The nation's population continues to rise at the rate of 12 million people per year.
该国的人口继续以每年1200万人的速度增长.

The chairman was blamed for letting his secretary take on too much work last week.
主席因上周让秘书承担了太多的工作而受到责备.

The bank refused to loan him any money, so he had to postpone buying a house.
银行拒绝贷款给他, 所以他只好延期买房.

Being ignorant of the law is not accepted as an excuse for breaking the law.
对法律的无知不能作为违法的借口.

The witness said this, though he didn't really see it.
证人这样说了, 尽管他没有真正看到.

I'll be waiting you until you're married.
我会等你, 直到你结婚为止.

A small town grew where three roads met.
一个小镇在三条路交汇处发展起来.

He won't have it his way, as long as I'm here.
只要我在, 不会让他称心如意.

Suppose you were ill, where would you go?
假定你生病了, 你会到哪里去?

There's nothing to worry about, now that father is back.
既然父亲回来了, 就没什么好担心了.

I've typed  out the main points in boldface, in order that you won't miss them.
我用黑体字把重点打出来, 好让你们不会遗漏掉.

I've underlined the key points, lest you miss them.
我已把重点画了线, 以免你们把它们遗漏掉.

You'd better bring more money, in case you should need it.
你最好多带点钱, 玩意要用.

Although you may object, I must give it a try.
虽然你可能会反对, 我仍然必须试一试.

Whether you agree or not, I want to give it a try.
无论你是否同意, 我都想试一试.

Whoever calls, I won't answer.
不管谁来电话, 我都不接.

Whichever way you go, I'll follow.
不管你走到哪里, 我都跟定你了.

However cold it is, he's always wearing a shirt only.
不管多冷, 他总是只穿件衬衫.

Wherever he is, I'll get him.
不管他躲到哪儿, 我都会抓到他.

Whenever you like, you can call me.
你随时给我来电话都可以.

As far as money is concerned, you needn't worry.
钱的方面你不必担心.

Picasso was a revolutionary in that he broke all traditions.
毕加索是革命派, 即他打破了一切传统.

He played the piano as Horowitz would have.
他弹钢琴有如大师霍格维兹.

He writes as if he is left handed.
他写字像左撇子.

She behaved as if he wasn't there.
她表现得好像他不在那.

I don't trust people who talk too much.
我不信任说太多的人.

Money is the only thing that interests him.
钱是位移能让他感兴趣的东西.

He's the best man that I can recommend.
他是我能推荐的最佳人选.

I'll shoot whoever moves.
谁动我就开枪打谁.

You can take whichever you like.
你爱哪个就拿哪个.

In the basket you can find two apples which I bought.
你会在篮子里找到我买的两个苹果.
